Product : Internal cloud application
	To get servers allocated to users.
	
	Command line API to get the servers
	
Products : Openstack, Custom Application.

Job Description

1) Maintaining cloud based application to have availability to the users.
2) Deploying code on tomcat application servers in difference data centers.
3) Making and configuing automated builds.
4) Supporting developers and working on Maven Projects.
5) Maintaining the code in SVN repository.
6) Doing automated deployments using Run Deck.
7) Working in Incidents reported on SLA basis.
8) Server monitoring and configurations in OS as well as application.
9) Working with DBA's for new releases of applciation.
10) Working on CR's when ever they are scheduled.
11) Server patching if required any.
12) Doing automation with Shell & Python scripts.
13) Managing servers using Open source Ansible. (puppet)
14) Responsible for cratign and managing Ansible Play books. (Puppet Modules)
15) Workign with network team for LB configurations.
16) Adding plugins and configure plgins in Jenkins.
17) Working on Repository Manager tools like Aratifactory. (Sonatype Nexus)
18) Maintaining documentation for releases and Customer FAQ's.
19) Involving in regular scrum calls and bridge calls.
20) Working on SR's on daily basis.
	a) Unable to login. -> Provide the  conflence  page.
	b) Unable to launch a server 
		-> Previlege to launch the server.
		-> Quota might be expired.
		
21) Scanning and fixing the appliucation vulnerabilities on release basis. (Nessus, Qualys)
22) Working on code secutiry scans. (Black-Duck)




I would be working in shifts.
Working on planned release.
Working on weekly UAT releases.
Working on incidents.
	1) Application
	2) Server
	3) Database.

Attending daily scrum calls.
Working SR & CRs.
Making scripts on demand.
	1) Shell
		Automating the new server deployment .
	2) Python Scripting
		Automated DB queries to DB
			Module : cx_Oracle
			Module : Boto (AWS)


Linux server automated installation on demand with Ansible / Puppet.
